Alright! In this video, I have an
assignment for you. We're gonna create a
Model and Populate Data. So, what I want
you to do is create a new data model for
a Vendor entity and have it, just like
the previous one, we're working with the
REST interfaces. We're gonna set up ID,
First Name, Last Name, nothing too complex
here. That's gonna be fine for our
purposes of developing RESTful API with
the Webflux interface. I also want you
to create a Reactive Repository, just
like I did in the last video. And the
nuance, I'm gonna toss to you here is
to populate data and startup. So, I've
shown you a couple techniques throughout
the course. So there's gonna be a little
bit of a challenge for you to go back
and reach into your Spring Framework
tool bag, and I want you to populate that
data on startup. And the way the project
is set up right now, you are going to
need to have a Mongo database from
running locally. Now, my preference is to
run it inside of a Docker Container. I
will show you that in the next video. But,
realize that the way I set up the
project we will use MongoDB embedded
for test, but it is a test dependency, so
when we start the application, normally,
it's gonna be looking to connect to a
local instance of MongoDB. So, you need to
have that running. If you wanna use
Docker, that's fantastic. I strongly
encourage that. But if you wanna
install MongoDB locally, like you have
before in the course, go ahead and do
that. Now, when you populate the data on
startup, remember that Mongo is gonna
persist that data. So typically, what I
will do, when I'm dealing with a database
that persist data were may and go away and
get rebuilt. I will go out and get a
count first, and if that count comes back
to zero on the entity that I'm
populating or in Mongo document,
then, I will go out and create the seed
data that I wanna be utilizing for my
application. So again, just to recap, we're
gonna create a new entity called Vendor.
It'll have an ID, First Name, Last Name,
Reactive Repository for that. Then,
we're gonna populate data on that.
And remember, you do need to have MongoDB
running locally on your system. So, if
you're using OS X, which I hope you are
or at least Linux. But if you're still
going on with Windows, be sure to have
something up. MongoDB is supported on all
these platforms, and we've already used
it in the course. I'm not gonna get too
specific on MongoDB. But this is just a
little bit of a challenging assignment.
And in the next video, I am gonna go
through this step by step and show you
exactly how to code this up.